---
title: "News"
date: 2023-02-19
categories:
  - News
tags:
  - member
  - publication
  - fund
---
2025-08: Welcome our lab manager Amelie to join the group!

2025-07: Welcome Song (PhD) to join the group!

2025-04: Welcome Kofi (PhD), Subi (master), Eleonora (bachelor) and Victor (civil service) to join the group!

2025-03-01: Welcome Jérôme Cavailles to join the group as a postdoc researcher working on theoretical ecology!

2024-11-01: Congrats to Zu on her appointment as Assistant Professor at the University of Neuchatel, starting February 2025! New PhD and postdoc positions are available! Don't hesitate to reach out. [link](https://informationecology.github.io/openpositions/)


2024-08-25: We are at ICE (International Congress of Entomology) in Kyoto! Come and join our talks if you are also there! 
 - Yan's talk, 26 Aug. Monday 10:00 Room H
 - Zu's talk, 27 Aug. Tuesday 15:15 Room C-2
 - Roberto's talk, 29 Aug. Thursday 18:00 Room C-1

2024-02-19: Open positions for master/semester projects! [link](https://informationecology.github.io/openpositions/)

2024-01-10: Biology24 meeting at Zurich will happen soon! We are also organizing a workshop with mind-blowing keynote talks on self-organization in complex systems [link] (https://biology24.ch/)

2023-11-01: Fieldwork in Mexico has been successfully conducted! Well done Yan!

2023-08-01: Summer fieldwork in Calanda has finished! It was a beautiful season and very productive work!

2023-06-05: Bee symposium with talks by Dr. Yan Yang, Dr. Minqiang Wang and Dr. Michael Orr

2023-04-03: Open positions for master/semester projects! [link](https://informationecology.github.io/openpositions/)

2023-03-01: Welcome Flurina Zahn to do her bachelor thesis in the group!

2022-11-15: Welcome Dr. Yan Yang to join the group for a postdoc supported by China Scholarship Council!

2022-06-18: Welcome Dominic Stalder to join the group for a master semester project!

2022-03-21: Open positions for master thesis projects, bachelor thesis projects and field assistants (pdf).

2022-03-09: It has been an exciting and inspiring experience to attend the 3-day workshop at Leipzig: Evolution of chemodiversity, organized by Prof. Meike Wittmann and Prof. Nicole van Dam. Thanks for the invitation!

2021-12-01: Welcome Roberto H. Rebollo to join the project and being the first PhD student in my group! Warm welcome!

2021-09-01: Dr. Pengjuan Zu started her Information Ecology group at Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH) Zurich, hosted by Prof. Consuelo De Moraes at Biocommunication group.

2021-02-08: PRIMA project is co-funded under RESPONSE scheme from European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation program under the Marie Skłodowska-Curie.

2021-01-19: Open PhD position available: see ETH website (link) or pdf file.

2020-12-03: Horizons (The Swiss Research Magazine) interviewed me and highlighted my research. Check it out: Whispering trees, by Yvonne Vahlensieck.

2020-12-01: Dr. P starting my SNSF SPARK project "Predicting the formation of plant-herbivore interactions using information processing traits" at EAWAG.

2020-08-21: Dr. Pengjuan Zu is awarded with an SNSF (Swiss National Science Foundation) PRIMA grant  Switzerland.

2020-08-20: Dr. Pengjuan Zu is awarded an SNSF SPARK grant hosted by Dr. Carlos Melian at Swiss Federal Institute of Aquatic Science and Technology (EAWAG), Switzerland.

2020-06-19: Our recent publication on Science where we showed that information arms race explains plant-herbivore chemical communication in ecological communities.
